Chuu: Today is the shooting day for the teaser video~
(So could we see the behind the scene of their teaser, finally?)
(No! They will eat the meal, first!)
Chuu: What you want to eat?
Yves: I want to eat some spicy
(No! They will eat the meal, first!)
Chuu: Spicy?
Yves: We took food recommendation and this is the result! Hong Kong style noodle!
(So will they film the teaser after they eat all this food?)
Chuu: Looks delicious!
Yves: (Dessert) It's out!
(It's like a LOOΠΔ TV for Hong Kong food...)
Chuu: It's hot!
(They are done eating! It's time to film!)
(Shall we watch Yves and Chuu's butterfly-like dance?)
(Here comes Chuu!)
(Their eyes look way too different from when they eat something)